it's time to review scooby-doo unmasked
for the ps2 let me tell you something
I'm not that big of a fan of Scooby Doo
I mean I think the character is very
interesting but from the recent shows
I've watched on Cartoon Network in the
past I haven't really had a whole lot of
love for the dog a pup named scooby-doo
was way too childish and too cheesy
not to mention it's pretty obvious to
tell who the villain is what's this
scooby-doo
if it's still on is the best one out of
all because it actually is a little bit
challenging to figure out who it is and
scooby-doo mystery Incorporated is the
worst just because well I don't really
have a legitimate reason there's just
something about it I really don't like
the story of scooby-doo unmasked is that
Scooby and the gang traveled down to
monsters frightened magic to go visit
Fred's cousin Jeff who makes monsters
for horror films once they get there the
place is pretty much ransacked and that
Jeff is missing and it's held
responsible for the attack so Scooby in
the game pretty much go on this
worldwide chase to find Fred's missing
cousin here's the whole catch of the
whole entire game pretty much every
place you go to has a problem of its own
a perfect example would be when I went
to this place called Chinatown and
apparently this giant mystical dragon is
attacking the city and that it's up to
you to stop it seriously
I guess the local police are too lazy to
get off their butts and help out and
that they're entrusting five I'm sorry
four teenagers and a dog to solve it the
thing that annoys me is that once they
do figure out the case that's going on
they finally realize oh wait we're
looking for Fred's cousin Jeff what the
heck are we doing also the cases you go
on aren't that interesting and that's a
problem because that's almost the whole
entire game the end of the game is where
you actually get serious about finding
Fred's cousin Jeff small spoiler but I
have to say it all the cases that you go
on aren't really that interesting
they're very unoriginal to the
scooby-doo franchise since they're
overused almost all the time and like I
said this is a problem because that's
all you do in the game solve these very
unnecessary and very easy cases now the
way they explain of what's going on
isn't
cutscene which look alright just for a
quick say but the prom is all the
cutscenes are pretty much the same this
place is in trouble because there's a
bla bla bla bla bla ruining my life
the issue is all the monsters or
whatever's attacking anything is
explained in the same way bah bah bah
monster monster bubble boss save us
please we're begging you cuz we're too
lazy pretty much every case that got
assigned to me I just wanted to solve it
as quick as possible cuz I was very
bored of it the graphics for the game
look well yeah okay at best this is on
the ps2 so I can't talk too much trash
about it the whole gameplays pretty much
summed up into this you plan scooby-doo
the whole entire time with no help from
anybody else I mean really they're just
gonna send scooby-doo in all by himself
in a haunted mansion or in a ghost or
monster infested area seriously you
can't have a traveling companion which
doesn't make any sense because if I'm
correct shaggy
goes with Scooby Doo everywhere all the
time I guess the answer I'm looking for
in this is that it's just a video game
but with a very dumb concept at that
anyway like I was saying the gameplay is
pretty much of platforming beat him up
when you play Scooby you can collect
these materials called müber and when
you find these special machines they
will absorb your mother and you can turn
into a crime-fighting hero or karate
instructor and they will allow you to do
very special attacks in order to get to
certain areas or defeat monsters faster
some of the monsters you will fight are
very easy but there's only a few
monsters that are very hard and that you
do need to put a bit of strategy into
every once while there is a 2d scrolling
platformer puzzle and it gets a bit
annoying to do because you will
constantly be jumping and sometimes you
will even get lost there are a lot of
collectibles in the levels that you will
play on there are trap pieces food items
and clues that you need to find trap
pieces are actually pretty useless so
you really don't need to bother looking
for them unless you like being
adventurous food pieces aren't that
necessary to find but I'll get to that
in a bit cool pieces are things you
definitely need to find if you ever see
a floating blue magnifying glass in the
air try and get to it and collect it
because that's how you find clues and
beat the levels once you pretty much
beat and inspect all the areas you will
have to meet up with Velma and use your
powerful detective skills in order to
solve the mystery if you're missing a
clue that is vital to solving the
mystery you will have to go back into
all the levels you played in and look
for it this is extremely frustrating
because they don't give you any
indication on where to go and I can't
tell you how annoying and boring it was
to have to go back and replay all those
levels once you do find all the clues
that you need in order to solve the
mystery you will go up against a boss
battle and thankfully they're actually
pretty challenging actually they're a
bit too challenging I actually died a
lot of more times than I expected this
is a good thing and a bad thing one it's
the only challenging thing to play in
this game but that's the good thing the
bad thing is that the boss balls are so
difficult it actually might make people
frustrated and I wouldn't be surprised
if it did now I did say that you can
collect food items and the reason for
that is that once you collect enough
food items you can go back to Shaggy in
the main hub world and give the food
items to him so you can put them in his
pot of food mystery what I basically
mean by that is that if you collect
enough food items shaggy will give you a
special soup that can give you more
health points and trust me you will want
to do this often because the later
levels can get pretty hard I don't
really know how shaggy can make soup out
of zucchinis ice cream and lobster or
cabbage chocolate bars and shrimp but he
somehow can trust me and I took one buy
that I would immediately throw up there
are a lot of places to explore in the
hub world there are food items that you
can find for shaggy soup and a lot of
coins you can collect the coins really
don't do anything though they're just
for collection Scooby Doo unmasked
really isn't that great of a game it's
got very uninteresting cases repetitive
gameplay and seems like a bit of a
disappointment to the scooby-doo
franchise I give this game of five point
five out of ten and even for the biggest
scooby-doo fans this isn't worth picking
up